Fixing BasicIntTypes to allow C Standard Integers and 'bool' (#18980)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/src/change-notes/2025-03-11-basic-int-types.md

---

> category: majorAnalysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
category: minorAnalysis
```
I think minor is fine here, as these queries usually aren't run.

Author: Agreed!

---

> * The query "Basic Integral Types" in JPL_C has been updated to allow C standard integer types (uint8_t etc.) and 'bool'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The query "Use of basic integral type" (`cpp/jpl-c/basic-int-types`) no longer produces alerts for the standard fixed width integer types (`int8_t`, `uint8_t`, etc.), and the `_Bool` and `bool` types.
```
